OKTA-506229 Updated version numbers for Angular SIW sample (#5134)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-in-to-spa-embedded-widget/main/angular/intro.md

The embedded Okta Sign-In Widget provides user authentication, and an opportunity to customize the sign-in experience for your Angular app.

> This guide explains how to build a sample app with the embedded Sign-In Widget included in the [okta/samples-js-angular](https://github.com/okta/samples-js-angular) repository, and reviews code snippets that you can use for your Angular app's authentication needs. The sample app uses the embedded Widget to sign in to a simple web page that provides details on the user signed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to build a sample app with the embedded Sign-In Widget that's included in the [okta/samples-js-angular](https://github.com/okta/samples-js-angular) repository. It also reviews code snippets that you can use for your Angular app's authentication needs. The sample app uses the embedded widget to sign in to a simple web page that provides details on the user signed in.
```
